Module app.routers.users
========================

Functions
---------

    
`activate_my_account(user_id: int, activation_code: str, db: sqlalchemy.orm.session.Session = Depends(get_db)) ‑> starlette.responses.JSONResponse`
:   This endpoint was created to serve as an account verification link, that's why its GET, not POST.
    
    You can also activate your account by providing some information: 
    
    - **user_id** (int): your user id,
    - **activation_code** (str): your activation code, generated by account creation.
    You can only get it straight from the database.
    
    After using this endpoint, the user should be now active.
    
    Returns JSONResponse with the success confirmation message.

    
`create_user(user: app.schemas.CreateUser, db: sqlalchemy.orm.session.Session = Depends(get_db)) ‑> starlette.responses.JSONResponse`
:   Creates an user account, providing information:
    
    - **login** (str): an email address that will be used to log in,
    - **first_name** (str): first name of the user,
    - **last_name** (str): last_name of the user,
    - **address** (str): billing address,
    - **password** (str): password that will be used to log in and stored as a hash in the database
    - **is_admin** (bool): post **true** if you wish to create an admin account
    
    After posting the account informations, an verification link will be send to given email (login).
    In order to activate your account, paste the link into the browser with app working - will redirect
    you to the /users/me/{user_id}/activate/{activation_code} endpoint.
    
    If email address is not valid, the method will raise a HTTPException. That doesn't apply to admin users.
    
    **Users with the admin status are active by default and thus do not have to activate their account.**
    
    Returns JSONResponse with user data and confirmation about sending an activation email.

    
`delete_my_account(current_user: typing.Annotated[app.schemas.User, Depends(get_current_user)], db: sqlalchemy.orm.session.Session = Depends(get_db)) ‑> starlette.responses.JSONResponse`
:   Deletes your account permanently.
    
    After deletion, you will receive an email to your login email address confirming your action.
    
    Returns JSONResponse with the success confirmation message.

    
`read_my_info(current_user: typing.Annotated[app.schemas.User, Depends(get_current_active_user)]) ‑> app.schemas.User`
:   Returns an User object with your account information listed.
    Won't show your hashed password or activation code.

    
`send_activation_code(current_user: typing.Annotated[app.schemas.User, Depends(get_current_user)]) ‑> starlette.responses.JSONResponse`
:   Sends an activation link to your email address. 
    Could be useful if the first activation email will gone missing, be stucked in the spam folder or deleted by accident.
    
    Returns JSONResponse with the success confirmation message or raises a HTTPException if user is already active.